Big-Data Developer
Hyderabad

Job Description :
Hands-on experience in Hadoop, Map Reduce/Hive, Spark, Scala or Pyspark
At least 2-6 years of experience on Big data tools
Understanding of architecture and design across all systems
Working proficiency in developmental toolsets
Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance and software improvement
Following Agile development process.
Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines

Data Scientist
Hyderabad

Positions : 3
Location: Hyderabad
Exp : 5-8 years
 

Job Description :
In this role you will:
· Work with data engineers to design and implement machine learning applications and solutions.
· Implement and maintain a high-volume, highly available, hybrid (SQL + No SQL) data processing solutions that consists of structured and semi-structured data.
· Design and implement a very large distributed data warehousing and reporting solution and integrate it with business intelligence tools.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

5+ years of experience in software development of large-scale data infrastructure and distributed systems
· 5+ years of experience in data extraction, transformation, statistical analysis and data modeling
· 5+ years of experience developing enterprise software using Java or Python
· 3+ years of experience in applying Data Mining and Machine Learning techniques to solve business problems
· 3+ years of experience using major RDBMS, Hadoop, Spark, Elasticsearch, or similar technologies
· 3+ years of experience with statistical modeling tools such as R, SAS, SciKit-learn, or TensorFlow
· Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Machine Learning, or related field or equivalent experience.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

· Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Machine Learning, or related field; PhD a plus
· Deep expertise in Statistics, Machine Learning or related disciplines
· Advanced knowledge in performance, scalability, numerical accuracy, enterprise system architecture, best practices.
· Experience building solutions using AWS big data and machine learning services
· Ability to communicate complex technical concepts and solutions to all levels of the organization

Lead Analytics
Hyderabad

Job Description :
8 to 10 years of Total Experience of which at least 5+ years in Data Analytics area having worked on Power BI, Tableau etc

Lead AI
Hyderabad

Job Description :
12 to 14 years of Experience in Data Science with Post graduation in Statistical back ground.
Should have worked hands on with Python, Java, Node JS, PHP, Ruby, Scala etc.

Lead - Data
Hyderabad

Job Description :
12 to 14 years of Experience in Cloud Data Services, Big Data and have used data tools like Synapse, Snowflake, Hadoop.
Should have experience in building data solutions and presenting  to customer.
Must be good in technology solutioning, SOW and write technical response to RFP’s.

Data Engineer- USA
USA

Job Description
Job Location : USA

Experience : 3-8 Years

Key Skills: Spark, SCALA, Big Data, Data-Engineer Python Azure Databricks SQL.

Responsibilities:

Experience on Data Warehouse platforms (including data mapping, ETL, data load, and transformation)
Data Warehousing and Dimensional Data Modelling skills (must have)
Working experience as Big Data Engineer, Azure Data Engineer on Azure Cloud platform (Must have)
Azure Data Factory (nice to have)
Python/Scala and Spark, PySpark (must have)
SQL (must have)
Databricks / EMR / Snowflake / Azure Synapse (one or more)
 

“People Tech will begin the H1B VISA Cap 2023 processing as soon as a candidate is selected!

USA office locations: Redmond, Olympia, Detroit, Bay Area, New Jersey

India office location: Bengaluru

Note: Candidates will join the Bengaluru office from where the USA H1B visa processing and sponsorship will begin for selected aspirants.“




